[OSDOCS#3671]: Gathering and interpreting cv history (#69380)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gathering-clusterversion-history-cli.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * updating/troubleshooting_updates/gathering-data-cluster-update.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gathering-clusterversion-history-cli_{context}"]
= Gathering ClusterVersion history using the {oc-first}

> To view the ClusterVersion history using the {oc-first}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the ClusterVersion history by using the {oc-first}.
```

Reviewer: Should be a sentence because the next item is a section. Also, see [IBM Style guidance](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#u) on "by using".

.Prerequisites
* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have installed the {oc-first}.

.Procedure

> . View cluster update history:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. View the cluster update history by entering the following command:
```

Reviewer: See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command:

"If a step in a procedure is to run a command, make sure that the step text includes an explicit instruction to "run" or "enter" the command."
